
#########################
Quick Setup
#########################

Quick Setup guide focuses on an easily configured development environment. In this environment, Octopus, Mattermost, RTMP servers and Jitsi each run in their own containers. An FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) will be required.


***************************************
Install Docker & Docker Compose
***************************************

Since all the components will be running in containers, you will need Docker and Docker Compose. You may install Docker by following the guide in `this link <https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/>`_.
  
You can follow `this link <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/>`_ to install Docker Compose.
 
***************************************
Download Octopus from GitHub Repository
***************************************

.. code-block:: bash

  sudo apt-get install git
  git clone https://github.com/doganbros/octopus.git
  cd octopus-docker
  
***************************************
Configure Octopus
***************************************

Make a copy of the ``.env.example`` named ``.env``. This ``.env`` contains environment variables for `Jitsi <https://jitsi.github.io/handbook/docs/devops-guide/devops-guide-docker#configuration>`_ as well as `Octopus <https://jitsi.github.io/handbook/docs/devops-guide/devops-guide-docker#configuration>`_. You may find help in the respective links.


***************************************
Generate SSL Certificates
***************************************

SSL certificates are required for jitsi and octopus to work correctly. If you have ssl certificates already, copy them to ``./docker/ssl`` directory. The ``fullchain`` certificate should be named as ``cert.crt`` where as the ``private`` certificate should be named as ``cert.key``.

If you do not have SSL certicates already, run the script below to obtain one.

.. code-block:: bash

  ./docker/ssl-gen.sh


***************************************
Generate Strong Passwords
***************************************
To generate secured and strong passwords for octopus and jitsi, run the script below.

.. code-block:: bash

  ./gen-passwords.sh
 
***************************************
Start Octopus
***************************************

.. code-block:: bash

  docker-compose up
